---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "core-v1_alarms Data Source - core-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# core-v1_alarms (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ns_name` (String) The namespace to fetch the alarms from

### Optional

- `all` (Boolean) requests all alarms; the default is to filter-out suppressed alarms.
Value must be "true" to get all alarms.
- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of alarm fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If an empty list, only the alarm name and namespace will be returned.
- `filter` (String) an EDA-query-language "where" expression that will be used to filter the list of alarms fetched.

### Read-Only

- `alarms` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms))

<a id="nestedatt--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms`

Read-Only:

- `acknowledged` (Boolean) An indication if the alarm has been acknowledged.
- `acknowledged_until` (String) Indicates the end time of the acknowledgement.
- `additional_text` (String) adds extra context related to the alarm
- `cleared` (Boolean) An indication if the alarm has been cleared.
- `cluster_member` (String, Deprecated) The cluster member that generated this alarm.  Use clusterName instead.
Deprecated: true
- `cluster_name` (String) The name of the cluster member which generated this alarm.
- `description` (String) A description for the alarm.
- `group` (String) Indicates the group of the resource the alarm is present on.
- `jspaths` (List of String) An unnormalized jspath relating to the object in the alarm state.
- `kind` (String) Indicates the kind of resource the alarm is present on.
- `last_acknowledged_by` (String) the user who last acknowledged the alarm
- `last_acknowledged_time` (String) the time this alarm was last acknowledged.
- `last_changed` (String) The last time that the alarm was changed; as provided by the raiser of the alarm.
- `last_suppressed_by` (String) the user who last suppressed the alarm
- `last_suppressed_time` (String) the time this alarm was last suppressed.
- `name` (String) The unique name for the alarm, e.g. InterfaceDown-spine-1-1-ethernet-1-1.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the alarm
- `occurrences` (Number) The number of occurrences of this alarm (the number of times it has been raised).
- `parent_alarms` (List of String) The names of other alarms that are parents of this alarm. This may be used to
filter out alarms that are not a root cause.
- `probable_cause` (String) the probable cause for raising the alarm. This field is optional, and
should also be a description indicating the primary probable cause of the
alarm, which may be enriched with relevant information from this specific
alarm instance. The complete alarm below contains an example.
- `remedial_action` (String) any remedial actions the user could try to resolve/clear the alarm. This
field is optional, and may also be enriched with relevant information
from this specific alarm instance. The complete alarm below contains an
example.
- `resource` (String) The name of the resource that this alarm is present on.
- `severity` (String) Severity of the alarm
- `source_group` (String) Indicates indicates the group of the resource that raised this alarm, e.g. interfaces.eda.nokia.com.
- `source_kind` (String) Indicates the Kind of the resource that raised this alarm, e.g. InterfaceState.
- `source_resource` (String) Indicates the the name of the resource that raised this alarm, e.g. spine-1-1-ethernet-1-1.
- `suppressed` (Boolean) An indication if the alarm has been suppressed.
- `suppressed_until` (String) Indicates the end time of the suppression.
- `targets_affected` (Attributes List) List of nodes affected by this alarm. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--alarms--targets_affected))
- `type` (String) A kind for the alarm, e.g. InterfaceDown

<a id="nestedatt--alarms--targets_affected"></a>
### Nested Schema for `alarms.targets_affected`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) Name of the target node.
