---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "core-v1_auth_password_policy Data Source - core-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# core-v1_auth_password_policy (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `getdefault` (Boolean) if set to true, the default password policy definition is returned, rather than the current password policy.

### Read-Only

- `allow_user_name` (Boolean) If true, prevents passwords from being or containing the user name.
- `digits` (Number) Minimum number of digits required in a password. Can be zero.
- `force_expired_password_change` (Number) The maximum number of days until a password change is enforced.
A value of zero means no change is required.
- `hashing_algorithm` (String) The hashing algorithm to use when hashing stored passwords.
- `length` (Number) Minimum password length.  This must be at least 1.
- `lower_case` (Number) Minimum number of lower case characters required in a password. Can be zero.
- `max_failure_wait_seconds` (Number) The number of seconds before the users access will be restored, after too many authentication failures.
- `max_login_failure` (Number) The number of login/authentication failures before a lockout policy takes effect. Zero means no enforcement.
- `password_history` (Number) The number of passwords remembered to enforce no re-use of passwords. Zero means no re-use enforcement.
- `permanent_lockout` (Boolean) If true, lockout is permanent and the users access must be re-enabled by an administrator.
If false, the users access will be re-enabled after "maxFailureWaitSeconds" seconds.
- `reset_time_seconds` (Number) When lockout is not permanent, the count of authentication failures for a user will be reset
this many seconds after the last authentication failure.
- `special_chars` (Number) Minimum number of special characters required in a password. Can be zero.
- `upper_case` (Number) Minimum number of upper case characters required in a password. Can be zero.
