---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "core-v1_auth_user_groups Data Source - core-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# core-v1_auth_user_groups (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `fullroles` (Boolean) If true, the full definitions of the roles associated with the group
are returned, rather than just the role names.
- `fullusers` (Boolean) If true, the full definitions of the users which are members of the group
are returned, rather than just the user names.

### Read-Only

- `auth_user_groups` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_user_groups))

<a id="nestedatt--auth_user_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_user_groups`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `full_roles` (Attributes List) contains the full role definitions of the Roles and ClusterRoles associated with the group, if requested (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_user_groups--full_roles))
- `fullusers` (Attributes List) contains the full user definitions of the users who are members of the group, if requested (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_user_groups--fullusers))
- `is_federated` (Boolean) if true, indicates that the group was imported from a federated LDAP server
- `name` (String)
- `roles` (List of String) Contains the names of the ClusterRoles and Roles roles associated with the group.
A Role name has the form "namesspace:rolename", whereas a ClusteRole name is a
simple "rolename", without a colon or a namespace.
- `users` (List of String) contains the usernames of the users who are members of the group
- `uuid` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--auth_user_groups--full_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_user_groups.full_roles`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)
- `resource_rules` (Attributes List) Rules for access to resources. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_user_groups--full_roles--resource_rules))
- `table_rules` (Attributes List) Rules for access to EDB tables, including via EQL. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_user_groups--full_roles--table_rules))
- `url_rules` (Attributes List) Rules for access to APIServer routes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_user_groups--full_roles--url_rules))

<a id="nestedatt--auth_user_groups--full_roles--resource_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_user_groups.full_roles.resource_rules`

Read-Only:

- `api_groups` (List of String) The API groups for the resources controlled by the rule.
An API group consists of an apiGroup and a version, e.g. "apigroup/version".
The API group can be a wildcard ("*"), in which case it will match any API group.
In addition, the version can be a wildcard.
- `permissions` (String) Permissions for resources specified by the rule.
- `resources` (List of String) Names for the resources controlled by the rule.
It can be a wildcard ("*"), in which case it will match any resource
in the matching API groups.


<a id="nestedatt--auth_user_groups--full_roles--table_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_user_groups.full_roles.table_rules`

Read-Only:

- `path` (String) EDB path to which this rule applies. It can end in ".*"
in which case the final portion of the table path can be anything, if the
prefix matches. It can end in ".**" in which case the table path can be
anything if the prefix matches.
- `permissions` (String) Permissions for the given EDB path.


<a id="nestedatt--auth_user_groups--full_roles--url_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_user_groups.full_roles.url_rules`

Read-Only:

- `path` (String) The API server URL path to which this rule applies. It can end in "/*"
in which case the final portion of the URL path can be anything, if the
prefix matches. It can end in "/**" in which case the URL path can be
anything if the prefix matches.",
- `permissions` (String) The permissions for the API server URL for the rule.



<a id="nestedatt--auth_user_groups--fullusers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_user_groups.fullusers`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String)
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `first_name` (String)
- `groups` (List of String) contains the UUIDs of the groups of which the user is a member.
- `last_name` (String)
- `max_sessions` (Number)
- `password` (String)
- `status` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth_user_groups--fullusers--status))
- `username` (String)
- `uuid` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--auth_user_groups--fullusers--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_user_groups.fullusers.status`

Read-Only:

- `failed_login_since_successful_login` (Number)
- `is_federated_user` (Boolean) True if the user comes from a federated LDAP server
- `last_failed_login` (String)
- `last_successful_login` (String)
- `temporarily_disabled` (Boolean)
