---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "core-v1_auth_provider Data Source - core-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# core-v1_auth_provider (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `uuid` (String) The UUID of the EDA provider whose definition should be retrieved.

### Read-Only

- `auth` (Attributes) If present, bind to LDAP server with the given credentials.  Otherwise do not bind. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--auth))
- `enabled` (Boolean) If true, checking/syncing this LDAP provider is enabled.
- `group_support` (Attributes) Configuration for group import/sync with LDAP.  If not present, groups will not synchronized with EDA. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_support))
- `id_attribute` (String) Name of the LDAP attribute, which is used as a unique object identifier (UUID) for objects in LDAP.
- `import` (Boolean) If true, the LDAP information will be imported into the EDA (Keycloak) database.
- `name` (String) The name to give to the LDAP provider; must be unique.
- `pagination` (Boolean) Set to true if the LDAP server supports pagination.
- `periodic_sync` (Boolean) If true, periodic synchronization of new changed or newly created LDAP users to Keycloak will occur.
- `periodic_sync_secs` (Number) If periodic sync is enabled, this is the period in seconds that synchronization will occur.
- `rdn_ldapattribute` (String) Name of the LDAP attribute, which is used as RDN (top attribute) of typical user DN. Usually it's the same as the Username LDAP attribute, however it is not required.
- `read_only` (Boolean) If false, changes made to LDAP-mapped attribute via EDA will be synced back to the LDAP server.  Otherwise, changes are not made in LDAP.
- `scope` (String) Must be "One Level" or "Subtree".  If "One Level", the search applies only for users in the DNs specified by User DNs. If "Subtree", the search applies to the whole subtree.
- `timeout` (Number) LDAP connection timeout in milliseconds
- `tls` (Boolean) If true, encrypts the connection to LDAP using STARTTLS
- `type` (String) The type of provider.  Currently only "ldap" is supported.
- `url` (String) Connection URL to your LDAP server
- `user_dn` (String) Full DN of LDAP tree where your users are. This DN is the parent of LDAP users.
- `user_object_classes` (String) All values of LDAP objectClass attribute for users in LDAP, divided by commas. (e.g. inetOrgPerson, organizationalPerson).
- `user_search_filter` (String) Additional LDAP filter for filtering searched users. Leave this empty if you don't need an additional filter. Make sure that it starts with '(' and ends with ')'.
- `username_attribute` (String) Name of the LDAP attribute, which is mapped as EDA username. For many LDAP server vendors it can be 'uid'.
- `vendor` (String) LDAP vendor (provider).

<a id="nestedatt--auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth`

Read-Only:

- `bind_credential` (String) Credentials to use when binding to an LDAP provider
- `bind_dn` (String) DN to use when binding to an LDAP provider


<a id="nestedatt--group_support"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_support`

Read-Only:

- `filter` (String) Further for filtering when retrieving LDAP groups. Ensure starts and ends with parentheses if using.
- `group_ldapdn` (String) The LDAP DN where groups are found.
- `member_attribute` (String) The group attribute for a members.  Usually "member" or "memberUid".
- `member_of_attribute` (String) If retrievalStrategy is "memberOf", this is the LDAP user attribute for group memberships.
- `membership_attribute_type` (String) How users are identified in a group member entry: either DN or UID.
- `membership_user_attribute` (String) Only required if membershipAttributeType is UID; then it is the user attribute that should match the group member value.
- `name_ldapattribute` (String) The LDAP group name attribute
- `object_classes` (String) The LDAP object class or classes used for groups. If more than one, they must be comma-separated.
- `retrieval_strategy` (String) The strategy for retrieving groups.  Should be "member" to get group membership from the group, or "memberOf" to get group membership from the user.
