---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "core-v1_cluster_alarm_history Data Source - core-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# core-v1_cluster_alarm_history (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alarm_name` (String) name of the alarm whose history should be retrieved.

### Read-Only

- `cluster_alarm_history` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster_alarm_history))

<a id="nestedatt--cluster_alarm_history"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_alarm_history`

Read-Only:

- `alarm` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cluster_alarm_history--alarm))
- `index` (String) The index of the history entry within the entries for a single alarm..

<a id="nestedatt--cluster_alarm_history--alarm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cluster_alarm_history.alarm`

Read-Only:

- `acknowledged` (Boolean) An indication if the alarm has been acknowledged.
- `acknowledged_by` (String) the user who acknowledged the alarm for this alarm history entry
- `additional_text` (String) adds extra context related to the alarm
- `cleared` (Boolean) An indication if the alarm has been cleared.
- `last_changed` (String) The last time that the alarm was changed; as provided by the raiser of the alarm.
- `name` (String) The unique name for the alarm, e.g. InterfaceDown-spine-1-1-ethernet-1-1.
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the alarm
- `probable_cause` (String) the probable cause for raising the alarm. This field is optional, and
should also be a description indicating the primary probable cause of the
alarm, which may be enriched with relevant information from this specific
alarm instance. The complete alarm below contains an example.
- `remedial_action` (String) any remedial actions the user could try to resolve/clear the alarm. This
field is optional, and may also be enriched with relevant information
from this specific alarm instance. The complete alarm below contains an
example.
