---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "core-v1_transaction_summary_results Data Source - core-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# core-v1_transaction_summary_results (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `size` (Number) Maximum number of transaction results to return

### Optional

- `username` (String) When provided, the liast of transactions is limited to those initiated by the specified user.

### Read-Only

- `results` (Attributes List) array of summary-results for transactions (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--results))

<a id="nestedatt--results"></a>
### Nested Schema for `results`

Read-Only:

- `bundled_transaction_id` (Number) If present (and non-zero) indicates that the execution of this transaction was bundled into the transaction with this identifier.
- `commit_hash` (String) The git commit hash for the transaction
- `description` (String) The description of the transaction, as posted in the transaction request.
- `detail_level` (String) The level of detail available in the transaction details.
- `details` (String, Deprecated) The type of details available for the transaction, as posted in the transaction request.
Deprecated: use "detailLevel" instead.
- `dry_run` (Boolean) If true the transaction was not committed and ran in dry run mode.
- `id` (Number) The transaction identifier
- `last_change_timestamp` (String) The time that the transaction completed.
- `state` (String) The state of the transaction.
- `success` (Boolean) True if the transaction was successful.
- `username` (String) The user who posted the transaction.
