---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "core-v1_transaction_execution_result Data Source - core-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# core-v1_transaction_execution_result (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `transaction_id` (Number) The identifier for the transaction whose details are being requested

### Optional

- `fail_on_errors` (String) Flag to tell the request to fail if the transaction has errors.  By default it will not fail.
- `wait_for_complete` (Boolean) Flag for the request to wait until the transaction is complete before returning.  By default it returns the current state.

### Read-Only

- `changed_crs` (Attributes List) List of changed CRs as part of the transaction (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--changed_crs))
- `execution_summary` (String) Information about time taken during processing
- `general_errors` (List of String) List of general errors while running the transaction
- `intents_run` (Attributes List) List of intents which ran as part of the transaction (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--intents_run))
- `nodes_with_config_changes` (Attributes List) List of nodes with configuration changes from the transaction (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--nodes_with_config_changes))
- `topology_supported` (Boolean) Whether a topology representation of this transaction is supported

<a id="nestedatt--changed_crs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `changed_crs`

Read-Only:

- `gvk` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--changed_crs--gvk))
- `names` (List of String)
- `namespace` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--changed_crs--gvk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `changed_crs.gvk`

Read-Only:

- `group` (String) Name of the API group
- `kind` (String) The Kind of the resource
- `version` (String) Version of the API group



<a id="nestedatt--intents_run"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intents_run`

Read-Only:

- `errors` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--intents_run--errors))
- `intent_name` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--intents_run--intent_name))
- `output_crs` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--intents_run--output_crs))
- `script` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--intents_run--script))

<a id="nestedatt--intents_run--errors"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intents_run.errors`

Read-Only:

- `error` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--intents_run--errors--error))
- `raw_error` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--intents_run--errors--error"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intents_run.errors.error`

Read-Only:

- `cause_collection` (Attributes List) A lower-level set of structured errors.

Only oneOf `causeWrapped`, `causeSimple`, `causeCollection`, or `causeIndexedCollection` will ever be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--intents_run--errors--error--cause_collection))
- `cause_indexed_collection` (Attributes List) A lower-level set of structured errors.
Each of these errors MUST have index set.

Only oneOf `causeWrapped`, `causeSimple`, `causeCollection`, or `causeIndexedCollection` will ever be set. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--intents_run--errors--error--cause_indexed_collection))
- `cause_is_internal` (Boolean) If true, then the cause (`causeWrapped`, `causeSimple`, `causeCollection`, or `causeIndexedCollection`) should be hidden from the user.
- `cause_simple` (String) Simple string error type.

Only oneOf `causeWrapped`, `causeSimple`, `causeCollection`, or `causeIndexedCollection` will ever be set.
- `cause_wrapped` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--intents_run--errors--error--cause_wrapped))
- `domain` (String) The "domain" for the error.  If empty, it is an EDA
core error.  Alternatively it can be an EDA application
"apiVersion" value (e.g. interfaces.eda.nokia.com/v1alpha1)
indicating that the error is specific to that application.
The domain gives the receiver information that they can use
to help them interpret the "type" field.
- `index` (Number) When processing an array, errors may be generated related to a particular array item.
If set, this index indicates to which array item the error applies.
- `message` (String) The basic text error message for the error response.
- `ref` (String) Reference to the error source. Should typically be the URI of the request.
- `type` (String) Type defines a unique identifier for the error, within the domain.
This may be used (along with the domain) to find an internationalization translation for the message.

SHOULD be a valid golang identifier, and SHOULD be in UpperCamelCase.
- `values` (Attributes Map) Associated data/information.
The error "message" may contain {{name}} escapes that should be substituted with information from this dictionary.

Note that this map MUST NOT contain JSON objects (`{...}`) or arrays (`[...]`), only simple JSON types are permitted. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--intents_run--errors--error--values))

<a id="nestedatt--intents_run--errors--error--cause_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intents_run.errors.error.cause_collection`


<a id="nestedatt--intents_run--errors--error--cause_indexed_collection"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intents_run.errors.error.cause_indexed_collection`


<a id="nestedatt--intents_run--errors--error--cause_wrapped"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intents_run.errors.error.cause_wrapped`


<a id="nestedatt--intents_run--errors--error--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intents_run.errors.error.values`




<a id="nestedatt--intents_run--intent_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intents_run.intent_name`

Read-Only:

- `gvk` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--intents_run--intent_name--gvk))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--intents_run--intent_name--gvk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intents_run.intent_name.gvk`

Read-Only:

- `group` (String) Name of the API group
- `kind` (String) The Kind of the resource
- `version` (String) Version of the API group



<a id="nestedatt--intents_run--output_crs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intents_run.output_crs`

Read-Only:

- `gvk` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--intents_run--output_crs--gvk))
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--intents_run--output_crs--gvk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intents_run.output_crs.gvk`

Read-Only:

- `group` (String) Name of the API group
- `kind` (String) The Kind of the resource
- `version` (String) Version of the API group



<a id="nestedatt--intents_run--script"></a>
### Nested Schema for `intents_run.script`

Read-Only:

- `execution_time` (Number)



<a id="nestedatt--nodes_with_config_changes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `nodes_with_config_changes`

Read-Only:

- `errors` (List of String) Resulting errors for the node
- `name` (String) The name of the node
- `namespace` (String) The namespace of the node
